many people have written me
asking you to tell them how to do
part of the conflict is still on the page
is in German the inscription is very
simple with frei is a German company
who pays for filling out surveys through
of video marketing
participate is free if you can
withdraw profits from 350 euros
by paisa or by paypal to enter you
you must be invited by someone who already
be within the business people should
send you the link so you can
place in your browser bar
and start the registration operation
This page opens up in the beginning
it gives you directions in the box
red to start blue box to win
green box to get money what
first thing to do is click on
registration top right of the
page
but this dialog box opens
where you must place your name you
surname the email man or
woman man to the left side woman to
right side a professional password
because then you have to change it and repeat
this power later you click
accepting the terms and conditions and
then you give the registration again
The company welcomes you to the
compasses welcome you to our
website carefully administration with
faith
of sugar and then
you click on start
you must place the email and the
provisional password and subsequently
you also click on initial
you open this window there you go to
place the email
the new password I will return with signatures and
You put the previous password must be a
easy reminder password so that
do not forget it will be
immediately your link to refer to
other people already with this link you
been within the system and you can
start referring other people if
you want to earn extra money and you
they inform that the information is changed
correctly
to start then the polls
they click on this icon and once
describe 7 open this dialog window
with the three videos that you should see as
it's also on top they give you
the welcome
indicate the number of surveys you have
completed as we are just doing
the registry there are no surveys and the
referred the invited people who
you have and the gains logically is
zero euros you give then click to
start in the video every video can
pay different values this first
pay three euros the second three and the
fourth three by clicking on it then you get
opens and subsequently video
click also on play this video lasts 21
seconds after the video ends you give
click on survey and it starts then
the questions are nine questions what
ideal is that you with what is a
it's a click on the first answer this
advertising is a lot of impact of
impact is not right a little bit you do not
click on the first answer and you will see it
ok so you pass to the second
question normally this lasts 3
seconds in the second question referred
the production of this videoclip if not in
you do not actually click on the first and
then ok you go to the next question
you have the desire to buy the production
of this promotional video clip but such
time after clicking on the video that is not
necessary that you leave it imply
you just give it ok and already with this you have
already won in this case the first three
euros
already when I complete 3
surveys through video marketing
they will welcome you inform you
that you have already done three surveys
you have referrals because you have not started
to invite anyone who has already earned ten
euros for watching these three videos you
you can earn more money through
affiliate program you earn seven euros
for each direct invited guest that is
has registered through your link
Affiliate win 10 percent plus
of the income of the person who makes
invited
you can publish your referred line in
social networks blogs forums
internet in order to do more
referrals or place it as a signature on your
emails so that more
people can have access and so
you can earn more money I'm going to
share some questions and answers
how can you start
you can start to see the surveys already
Earn money from now once you
register you can generate
they have to get rid of life
on slopes they usually take 59
minutes per day you should see more than three
surveys for days with the same user
if you do it, you run the risk that
cancel the account you lose the money
earned how you can withdraw the money
earned after earning the profit
minimum that is 350 euros
you can transfer your money to your
survey to your paypal or false account
and how is the referral program and
you want to get additional income in
the website you can do the following
first was the ling regional section
ling you referred copied and it is in which
must supply people you
You can also publish that link of
referring website in the networks
social media on your blog or as a signature on your
email if the new person
enter through your referral link
you will automatically receive an income
of seven euros plus 10% of the
income that you receive for your new
referred as I can change my account
paypal by paisa or vice versa
If you do not have the paypal account yet or
Paisa to register is not an impediment
so you start earning money the
you can open later and you can not
change the paypal account or the account
of countries to receive money for a u
another to do it you must go to the section
of my profile select the type of
paisa paypal payment system and enter
your account and save the changes
I want to share you finally a
proof of payment of the person that I
invited is part of kung friend as is
on October 29 , 2013 through
paisa